Fix AWS CLI installation instructions in KPO doc (#3855)
astronomer/docs: astro/kubernetespodoperator.md

You can now specify this connection in the configuration of any KubernetesPodOperator task that needs to access your external cluster. 

### Step 4: Install the AWS CLI in your Astro environment

In order to be able to connect to your external EKS cluster you need to install the AWS CLI in your Astro project. 

1. Add the following to your `Dockerfile` to install the AWS CLI:

    ```dockerfile
    USER root

>     RUN curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-aarch64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"

Author: 👍 thank you!

>     RUN curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-aarch64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"

Author: ```suggestion
    RUN curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip"
    # Note: if you are testing your pipeline locally you may need to adjust the zip version to your dev local environment
```

You can now specify this connection in the configuration of any KubernetesPodOperator task that needs to access your external cluster. 

### Step 4: Install the AWS CLI in your Astro environment

> In order to be able to connect to your external EKS cluster you need to install the AWS CLI in your Astro project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to your external EKS cluster, you need to install the AWS CLI in your Astro project. 
```
